this is a web exclusive somewhere and
I'll effort and other effort as sue
start on the right foot day one has just
been one of the gig earliest fun days
I've ever had it's been wonderful but as
I expected it's really hard work one to
protect the side story yeah right 1 2 3
1 i'm very so I must apologize for this
this is a present from Robin because I
am only a learner in every sense of the
word I'm a novice but I'm hoping that
maybe I'll lose one of these early i
absolutely love the fact that Anita is
prepared for everything into this she's
such a hard worker she's given up all
her time cleared her diary just for me I
feel so privileged and honored that I
get to spend this time with her and turn
her into an amazing dancer 31 keep the
timing one think you have to work at it
to the point where you're exhausted and
you've done it a million 1 times and
then when you go on to the floor kind of
just relax and live it so that's what
I'm going to try and do a little work
really harder in rehearsal and then
trying to enjoy the moment because it is
just a moment it's the min
the hall / wonderful wars with a great
guy